# mev-analysis

An analysis on MEV (arbitrage &amp; liquidation) transactions in the Ethereum network.

# Data Collection

The data was collected using the arbitrage-inspect-py repository.

The collected data include:

## Arbitrages

The arbitrages table is a database table that stores information related to arbitrage transactions.

The table contains the following columns:

* id: The unique identifier of the transaction.
* transaction_hash: The hash of the transaction on the blockchain.
* block_number: The block number in which the transaction was included.
* timestamp: The timestamp of the transaction.
* account_address: The address of the account that executed the transaction.
* status: A boolean value indicating whether the transaction was successful or not.
* contracts_address: The address of the smart contracts involved in the transaction.
* input_tokens_address: The address of the tokens used as input in the transaction.
* input_tokens_amount: The amount of tokens used as input in the transaction.
* output_tokens_address: The address of the tokens received as output in the transaction.
* output_tokens_amount: The amount of tokens received as output in the transaction.
* protocols: The protocols involved in the transaction.
* gas_price: The gas price used in the transaction.
* gas_usage: The amount of gas used in the transaction.
* block_position: The position of the transaction in the block.
* profit_amount: The amount of profit generated by the arbitrage transaction.

## Liquidations

The liquidations table is a database table that stores information related to liquidation events.

The table contains the following columns:

* id: The unique identifier of the liquidation event.
* transaction_hash: The hash of the transaction on the blockchain.
* block_number: The block number in which the transaction was included.
* timestamp: The timestamp of the transaction.
* trace_address: The trace address of the transaction.
* status: A boolean value indicating whether the liquidation was successful or not.
* liquidated_user: The address of the user whose position was liquidated.
* liquidator_user: The address of the user who initiated the liquidation.
* debt_token_address: The address of the token that was used to purchase the debt.
* debt_purchase_amount: The amount of the debt token that was purchased.
* received_amount: The amount of tokens received as a result of the liquidation.
* received_token_address: The address of the token received as a result of the liquidation.
* protocol: The protocol involved in the liquidation.
* gas_price: The gas price used in the transaction.
* gas_usage: The amount of gas used in the transaction.
* block_position: The position of the transaction in the block.

## Blocks

The blocks table is a database table that stores information related to blocks on the blockchain.

The table contains the following columns:

* block_number: The block number, which serves as the primary key for the table.
* avg_gas_price: The average gas price for all transactions in the block.
* avg_gas_usage: The average gas usage for all transactions in the block.

## General Features

Some general features were also collected which contains information related to various features of the transactions.

* protocols: A directory with information related to protocols involved with MEV transactions.
* token_ins: A directory with information related to transactions input tokens.
* token_outs: A directory with information related to transactions output tokens.
* addresses: A directory with information related to the activity of different addresses on the blockchain.
